# W2ee
W2EE is about WEBC part2 of WEBC Programming Language invented by wilmix jemin j at year 2016.


WEBC part2  consists  of  two  modules

a) WEBC Part2  -module 1 for java

b) WEBC Part2  -module 1 for C/C++.


W2ee has userfriendly framework called as

JAUF.

and it has latest frameworks like

JC , Jeb, JShell, JSync, ODollar, Oplus,

WHTML, Petal, VJAVA, VSLASH ,and GJAVA.

W2ee use all these Latest P.L

for mobile and P.L like

JSAUCER with WEBC. SO WEBC is called as

a "SKY Programming Language".

Differences Between W2ee and JSAUCER

when to use?

1) WEBC is used and it permits it's latest

Frameworks and other native P.L like

C++, .Net, etc.

Hence we call WEBC as an Interactive P.L.

2) JSaucer never permits and it is used only

with mobile remotewebapplication with

mobile phones like Android.

3) One who learn JSaucer has depth knowledge

with mobile remotewebapplication.

THE LIST OF Latest Framework and Programming Language belong to W2ee part2 or interact with J$

with Merits

1) JAUF -> Userfriendly and GUI Design

2) JSLASH -> As a AutoGenerated compiler with in a limited amount of time.

3) JEEWEB -> used for enterprise

4) JSHELL -> used with linux

5) JSYNC -> Async enterprise Programming used with JEEWEB

6) Odollar -> Simillar to Jdk1.7 features

7)Oplus -> Used in Indian It sector.

8) Tdollar -> can be used as a helper Frameworks of WEBC to eliminate WEBC demerits.

9) Wsharp -> contains shortest statements and utilities

It is the best Programming language which interact with W2ee.

10) Petal -> It is used with VJAVA, JAVA, WEBC professionals

11) WPLUS -> Attractive Indian latest Programming Language

12) VSlASH -> SIMILLAR to struts -spring orm Framework

13) GJAVA -> Used with google P.L

14) WHTML -> Used with WEBC and HTML

15) VJAVA -> Simillar to Jdk1.6 Features.

16) ADollar -> It is used in Advanced Business and A$ is used to interact with W2ee.

17) UW2ee => it is an american and U.k Programming Language based on W2ee used in American and U.k sector.

18) BHTML and CSP => it is an Banking Programming Language invented in W2ee.

19) WEBCREmote => it is an one minute Automation W2ee Advanced P.L for creating remoteserver.

20) WEBCJSLASH => it is an one minute Automation W2ee Advanced P.L

21) SAP =>interaction with sap P.L

22) PHY=> Interaction with phython P.L.

23) W2ee Advanced Business =>  W2ee Advanced  Business  is  used   with  W2ee(webc-part2).

